Add buffered bytes metadata to task results (#21951)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/develop/worker-protocol.rst

  the receipt of the results and allows the worker to delete them.
* A ``DELETE`` on ``{taskId}/results/{bufferId}`` deletes all results from the
  specified output buffer in case of an error.
* Optionally, a ``HEAD`` request can be made to ``{taskId}/results/{bufferId}``

>   retrieve any non-data page sequence related headers.  Use this to check if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to retrieve any non-data page sequence related headers.  Use this to check if
```

>   retrieve any non-data page related headers.  For example, this may be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  retrieve any non-data page related headers.  Use this to
```

>   check if the buffer is finished or see how much data is buffered without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  check if the buffer is finished, or to see how much data is buffered without
```

  request the next chunk as ``X-Presto-Page-End-Sequence-Id`` HTTP header,
* An indication that there are no more results as ``X-Presto-Buffer-Complete``
  HTTP header with the value of "true".

> * The remaining buffered bytes in the output buffer as ``X-Presto-Buffer-Remaining-Bytes``

Reviewer 2: > This should return a comma separated list of the size in bytes of
  the pages that can be returned in the next request
  
From what I understand the current implementation returns a single number containing the total size. This is inconsistent with what Prestissimo returns.

Data streams fetched from coordinator are relatively small. Though I'm concerned about future incompatibilities. For example the assumptions in the algorithm in Prestissimo ExchangeClient may change and it may stop working as intended. How difficult would it be to make it consistent? (return an actual list)

Author: Not hard, just more code.  I'll follow up with another PR.

Author: #22060 demonstrates how this looks like, PTAL and let me know if you prefer that one.

  request the next chunk as ``X-Presto-Page-End-Sequence-Id`` HTTP header,
* An indication that there are no more results as ``X-Presto-Buffer-Complete``

>   HTTP header with the value of "true".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  HTTP header with the value of ``true``.
```

* The remaining buffered bytes in the output buffer as ``X-Presto-Buffer-Remaining-Bytes``

>   HTTP header.  This may be used as a hint for upstream tasks to optimize data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  HTTP header.  This can be used as a hint of upstream tasks to optimize data
```
Consider revising and maybe expanding this sentence to explain your meaning better. 
Maybe something like this: 
"This can be used as a sign of upstream tasks that would benefit from optimizing of their data exchange."
